Tuyang Tianzhuo
I sincerely implore you to release Chen Tianliang
Are you unhappy if you don't eat?
I've always been a company
Chen Tianliang was not involved this time
But also bring people to destroy me
The Yang family can spare him
But the Chen family has to express it
What are the requirements of the owner of Ouyang?
But it's okay to say
1/5 of the Chen family's property was handed over to Nancheng
Because Nancheng is my hometown.
In 5 years, I will make Nancheng a first-tier city
No.
1/5 You know my Chen family's property 1/3
You are just a lion's mouth wide open
Ok don't say anymore
We promise Chen Tianliang to save you
My Chen family lost half of their property
See how I treat you when I come back
What are you still doing?
Don't take him away
Husband, wait for me.
Husband, don't leave me alone, husband.